LICENSING

Unreal Arena is licensed in two broadly separate sections: the code and the
media.

The code is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. This license is
contained in full in the file named LICENSE. Please be aware of the exceptions
to this license as listed below.

The media is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
license. Please read http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ to learn
more about this license.


CODE LICENSE EXCEPTIONS

A small set of files contains sections of code that are not licensed under the
GNU General Public License, but are nevertheless GPL-compatible. In all such
cases the applicable license is always stated at the beginning of the file.


ADDITIONAL TERMS

The following additional terms ("Additional Terms") supplement and modify the
GNU General Public License, Version 3 ("GPL") applicable to the Wolfenstein:
Enemy Territory GPL Source Code ("Wolf ET Source Code"). In addition to the
terms and conditions of the GPL, the Wolf ET Source Code is subject to the
further restrictions below.

  1. Replacement of Section 15.

  Section 15 of the GPL shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following:

      15. Disclaimer of Warranty.

      THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE AND MERCHANTABILITY.  THE
    PROGRAM IS BEING DELIVERED OR MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND
    WITHOUT WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
    PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE,
    YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  2. Replacement of Section 16.

  Section 16 of the GPL shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following:

      16. Limitation of Liability.

      UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR
    ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE,
    BE LIABLE TO YOU, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, FOR
    ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT,
    SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM, OUT OF
    OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM OR OTHER
    DEALINGS WITH THE PROGRAM(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA
    BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
    FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), WHETHER OR NOT
    ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR SUCH OTHER PARTY RECEIVES NOTICE OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES
    AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGES COULD HAVE BEEN FORESEEN.

  3. Legal Notices; No Trademark License; Origin.

  You must reproduce faithfully all trademark, copyright and other proprietary
and legal notices on any copies of the Program or any other required author
attributions.  This license does not grant you rights to use any copyright
holder or any other party's name, logo, or trademarks.  Neither the name of
the copyright holder or its affiliates, or any other party who modifies and/or
conveys the Program may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.  The origin of the Program
must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original
Program.  Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not
be misrepresented as being the original Program.

  4. Indemnification.

  IF YOU CONVEY A COVERED WORK AND AGREE WITH ANY RECIPIENT OF THAT COVERED WORK
THAT YOU WILL ASSUME ANY LIABILITY FOR THAT COVERED WORK, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO
INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS THE OTHER LICENSORS AND AUTHORS OF THAT
COVERED WORK FOR ANY DAMAGES, DEMANDS, CLAIMS, LOSSES, CAUSES OF ACTION,
LAWSUITS, JUDGMENTS EXPENSES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION REASONABLE ATTORNEYS'
FEES AND EXPENSES) OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATED TO OR IN
CONNECTION WITH YOUR ASSUMPTIONS OF LIABILITY.
